RHM Overview Resort and Hospitality Management  Boise State University College of Business and Economics For additional
information, contact: Ashley Walter ( ashleywalter@boisestate.edu ) or Kent Neupert ( kneupert@boisestate.edu ) Key
Program Information: Career Fairs, Organizational Trainings & Internships 1. Career Fair Participation: Dates, Cost, and
Process Below is an overview of the opportunities available through BSU to engage with our students. Many of the
university-level events take place each semester, while COBE-level events focus specifically on students within the
College of Business and Economics. BSU CAREER FAIR OVERVIEW: Dates Fair Name Primary Focus Standard Fee Process / Link
Occurs day before the BSU Fall Career Fair COBE Pre-Career Fair Mixer Focused networking event and mixer hosted by the
College of Business and Economics - Career Services, excellent for targeted branding and pre-recruitment networking
before a major fair. ~$250 First come, first serve basis (max 30 employers) Fall: Mid-October Spring: Mid-February
University-Wide Career Fair General full-time, part-time, and internship recruitment. Includes COBE students. ~$550
(Includes table and lunch for 3 reps) Career Fair Event Page Spring: Date TBD Hospitality Career Fair Engage and
interact with COBE and RHM students in a personalized career fair Recruitment for full-time, part-time and internship
opportunities. Free If interested, contact: AshleyWalter@boisestate.edu Fall: Late August Spring: Mid-April Part-Time &
Summer Job Fair High-volume hiring for summer, part-time, and seasonal roles. ~$85 (Standard Booth) Career Fair Event
Page 2. Non-Credit RHM Modules: Overview and Examples Our non-credit RHM modules are being designed as flexible, high-
impact micro-credentials for industry partners, enabling efficient employee upskilling and professional development.  We
offer two distinct delivery models to target different employee levels and organizational needs. Online, Self-Paced
Modules (Front-Line Employee Training) These modules focus on scalable, standardized training and ensuring a consistent
foundational skill set across the industry.    Target Audience:  front-line employees, apprentices, seasonal employees,
etc Length of Training:  Individual training modules are designed to be completed in under 60 min. Employees can pause
and pick up as their time allows Training Topics:  Guest Services / Customer Service Basics:   Distinguishing the
difference between service and hospitality  Workplace Professionalism:  Essential soft skills, communication, and team
dynamics Cost:  Free Option (WDC Partnership Model):  Organizations must be willing to report SSN through their IDOL
portal of employees who use the training  **This offer is only available until March 15, 2026, all training must be
completed by this date.* * Cost per Seat (Standard Industry Model):  Organizations unwilling or unable to report SSNs
can purchase seats at $25/seat/Training topic In-person, Interactive  Group  Training Modules (Leadership & Management
Development) This model delivers high-value, facilitated group  training  led by BSU RHM faculty or industry experts. It
is specifically designed to develop  supervisory and management skills . Target Audience:  Supervisors, Managers and
High-Potential Leaders Delivery Model:  In-person facilitated training, with a minimum length of 60min (can be longer,
depending on the training and organizational needs) Training Topics:  Conflict to Coaching: Leading through Difficult
Conversations:   Structured communication modules for handling sensitive, performance based, or behavioral issues.   The
Coaching Manager: Coaching Strategies for Employee Growth:  Focuses on the manager's role as a mentor and guide to
maximize employee potential. Supporting managers help employees grow and develop new skills and build leadership
capacity.  Other:  Open to developing other in-demand trainings Cost:  Free Bundled Option (WDC Partnership Model):
Organizations that are using the online, self-paced modules can add on  ONE  in-person group training, free of charge,
with the requirement that they are willing to report SSN through their DOL portal of employees who attend the training.
**This bundle offer is only valid until March 15, 2026; all training must be complete by this date.**  Cost per Training
(Standard Industry Model):  Organizations unwilling or unable to report SSNs, can purchase individual trainings at
$1,500 per in-person training for up to 25 people.  3. RHM Internship Requirements: The Student-Led Leadership Project
(RHM493) The RHM 493 course functions as  the academic capstone for completion of the student's certificate within a
paid employment setting.  This is not a traditional internship. We encourage students to secure a part-time or full-time
position at an organization first. Once they are embedded in their paid role, the student enrolls in RHM 493, which
requires them to execute a  Student-Led Leadership Project  within their job function.  RHM Leadership Project Value:
Securing Talent Pipeline:  This model is designed to convert students into committed, long-term employees. We  strongly
encourage students to secure part-time or full-time employment  (not just a traditional internship) at the host
organization. By completing the Leadership Project  within  a paid role, they demonstrate commitment and business
acumen, providing organizations with a high-quality, pre-vetted employee for the industry workforce. Displaying
Proactive Leadership:  Students are trained to  identify a gap or opportunity  and take full initiative to plan,
implement, and solve a small problem, regardless of their job title. This proves that leadership is not tied to a
position and encourages valuable initiative from day one. Receiving Measurable Project Outcomes:  The course requires
students to  outline project goals and outcomes  that must align with the organization's needs. The host organization
receives a completed project that  "gives back to the organization"  with clear, quantifiable metrics. Mentoring Future
Leaders:  Organizations contribute to the development of a highly-trained, results-oriented professional, ideally
leading to employee growth and value for the organization. Key Partnership Requirements: We are open to various
employment structures. The following requirements ensure the placement meets both academic standards and facilitates a
successful experience for the student: Paid Employment Required:  All RHM 493 placements must be paid employment, hence
why we encourage students to seek part-time/full-time roles. C ompensation  ensures the student can afford to live and
work in the designated area (if outside Treasure Valley)  and views the role as a secure, professional position.
Structured Placement:  If an organization is offering a ‘traditional (paid) internship’, we will accept this as well, as
long as the internship is clearly outlined and structured. The student's primary employment contract is separate from
the RHM 493 academic course, but the course requires them to execute a project within that paid role. Housing Provision:
For employees/students who are completing a traditional, seasonal internship and who are not local, housing will need to
be provided or subsidized by the host organization to make the position feasible. Supervisory Sign-Off Required:  The
student's direct supervisor must sign off on the Leadership Project to confirm it met the organization's needs. Training
Overview Conflict to Coaching: Leading through Difficult Conversations Training Est Training Time (~2 hours including
breaks) Overview: This high-impact training focuses on transforming workplace conflict into opportunities for growth and
problem-solving. Key Workshop Takeaways: Understanding Conflict:  Learn that conflict is a natural result of people's
inherent differences and is not always negative. The goal is to focus on how you deal with it as a leader The Resolution
Process:  Gain a solid understanding of the six phases of conflict resolution, including how to create an effective
atmosphere, create a mutual understanding, and get to the root cause. 5 Conflict Styles:  Master the five widely
accepted conflict resolution styles: Collaborating, Competing, Compromising, Accommodating, and Avoiding; and know when
to strategically use each one for optimal outcomes. Creating a Positive Atmosphere:  Develop leadership skills in
establishing a powerful problem-solving force by neutralizing emotions, setting ground rules, and choosing the
appropriate time and place for difficult conversations. Our objective is to support leaders to understand and adopt the
right attitude, to turn "the courageous conversation you don't want to have" into a productive interaction that deepens
working relationships and employee growth and engagement.  Non-Credit Overview Resort and Hospitality Management  Boise
State University College of Business and Economics For additional information, contact: Ashley Walter (
ashleywalter@boisestate.edu ) or Kent Neupert ( kneupert@boisestate.edu ) Non-Credit RHM Modules: Overview and Examples
Our non-credit RHM modules are being designed as flexible, high-impact trainings for industry partners, enabling
efficient employee upskilling and professional development.  We offer two distinct delivery models to target different
employee levels and organizational needs. Online, Self-Paced Modules (Front-Line Employee Training) These modules focus
on scalable, standardized training and ensuring a consistent foundational skill set across the industry.    Target
Audience:  front-line employees, apprentices, seasonal employees, etc Length of Training:  Individual training modules
are designed to be completed in under 60 min. Employees can pause and pick up as their time allows Training Topics:
Guest Services / Customer Service Basics:   Distinguishing the difference between service and hospitality  Workplace
Professionalism:  Essential soft skills, communication, and team dynamics Cost:  Free Option (WDC Partnership Model):
Organizations must be willing to report SSN through their IDOL portal of employees who use the training  **This offer is
only available until March 15, 2026, all training must be completed by this date.* * Cost per Seat (Standard Industry
Model):  Organizations unwilling or unable to report SSNs can purchase seats at $25/seat/Training topic In-person,
Interactive Group Training Modules (Leadership & Management Development) This model delivers high-value, facilitated
group training led by BSU RHM faculty or industry experts. It is specifically designed to develop  supervisory and
management skills . Target Audience:  Supervisors, Managers and High-Potential Leaders Delivery Model:  In-person
facilitated training, with a minimum length of 60min (can be longer, depending on the training and organizational needs)
Training Topics:  Conflict to Coaching: Leading through Difficult Conversations:   Structured communication modules for
handling sensitive, performance based, or behavioral issues.   The Coaching Manager: Coaching Strategies for Employee
Growth:  Focuses on the manager's role as a mentor and guide to maximize employee potential. Supporting managers help
employees grow and develop new skills and build leadership capacity.  Other:  Open to developing other in-demand
trainings Cost:  Free Bundled Option (WDC Partnership Model):  Organizations that are using the online, self-paced
modules can add on  ONE  in-person group training, free of charge, with the requirement that they are willing to report
SSN through their DOL portal of employees who attend the training.  **This bundle offer is only valid until March 15,
2026; all training must be complete by this date.**  Cost per Training (Standard Industry Model):  Organizations
unwilling or unable to report SSNs, can purchase individual trainings at $1,500 per in-person training for up to 25
people.