I’d like to build a holistic marketing playbook that any COBE department can use when they’re ready to pursue marketing
efforts. You’ve spent a lot of time guiding us through program marketing, and my goal is to take stress off you and your
team by packaging what works into a simple, hand-off ready system. Purpose & outcomes Create a sustainable, scalable
process that supports your team and other programs. Add value, reduce duplicated effort, and minimize incremental work
for you. What I’ll build Workflow “Blue Book”:  step-by-step guidance for how programs collaborate with COBE Marketing.
Templates & checklists:  campaign briefs, content request forms, channel rollout schedules, so leads get what they need
without pinging you. Channel map & rules:  what belongs on newsletter, social, website, email lists, LinkedIn groups
(incl. Online BBA), etc., and how to submit. Resource hub:  a shared folder or simple page for process guides, brand
assets, contacts, and examples. Best practices & KPIs:  what has worked, plus simple metrics (engagement, CTR, leads)
for each channel. Roles & approvals:  who does what, what programs should prepare, and a light-weight approval workflow
that keeps your team informed. Sustainability:  where living docs live, who maintains them, and how new programs are
onboarded (looping in Daniella for continuity). I've attached an updated proof. Please let me know if I missed anything
or  you see additional changes.  I'm likely jumping  ahead  and you've still got work to do to present this design to
your team. I thought now would be a good time to discuss possible  deliverables  for this campaign. Lots of the on
campus or social media marketing is basically free or very low cost, like campus digital screens. I think the only cost
is the SUB subscription. COBE may already have a subscription that you could  piggy back  on.  Current Marketing -
Deliverables 3.5" x 8.5" Rack card (trifold) Visitors Guide ad -  Kate - will you remind me of the size this ad should
be? Is it a full page? 25 x 43 poster (Arbiter?) 300 x 250 Arbiter digital ad 24 x 35 Shuttle Stop poster Other
marketing TBD Social posts 1080x1080 1080x1920 1920x1080 - Social media post, LinkedIn event banner,  possibly use the
same design for classroom marketing? Campus digital screens 1920x1080 jpg MBEB / College of Business and Economics
 (send to  lorainehand@boisestate.edu ) (working group - Samantha Kunz) 1920 x 1080 jpg Housing and Residence Life
 (send to  verenitzebeltran@boisestate.edu ) Student Union  ( use promotional request form ) (working group - Rochelle
Criswelll) Campus Rec  (send to  jaredcox@boisestate.edu ) (working group - Jared Cox) 768x1366 jpg -  Student Union
dining screens 1280 x 720 jpg -  Albertsons Library  (send to  lib_communications@boisestate.edu )  Posters 8.5" x 11"
11" x 17" 24" x 36" (24" x 35" if these are for the university shuttle stops) -  listed in current marketing I look
forward to next steps! Ann -- ANN HOTTINGER  ( she  / her /  hers ) Graphic Designer / Sr. Manager Communications and
Marketing  Boise State University Email:   annhottinger@boisestate.edu Mail:  1910 University Drive, Boise, ID
83725-1030  Location:  1173 University Drive, Boise, ID 83706 Web:   boisestate.edu/communicationsandmarketing GO
BRONCOS -- KATE WATSON Marketing and Communications Manager College of Business and Economics  Boise State University
Phone:  (208) 426-6134 Email:  katewatson@boisestate.edu Mail:  1910 University Drive, Boise, ID 83725-1030 Location:
2630 W University Drive, Boise, ID 83706  Web:  boisestate.edu/cobe \ Free Ads:  The only costs incurred from the free
ads are the printing for the Shuttle stop ads. Each ad is $14 to print. I budgeted for 10 posters in the Spring (winter
oriented), 10 in the summer (change creative), and then 10 in the Fall (change creative).   We have our time slot set
for the first week of October BSU Blueprint Magazine:  This is a great investment. The upfront cost of $400 gets us half
a page in the magazine that will be dispersed at Graduation, Orientation, and Move in day this coming fall. Arbiter
online Banner:  Besides the Blueprint Magazine, the online banner from BSU student media is going to give us the most
user traffic from our target market. I've budgeted for Banner #2 which is almost at the top of the page and receives
20,000 views per month.  Social Media Advertisement:  We had some success with this last  yea To receive a WordPress
account, you must first complete  a self -paced web accessibility compliance training. Enroll at 
https://www.boisestate.edu/webguide/wordpress-accessibility-compliance-training/ . You will receive an email
notification with instructions to access the course. The training takes 60-90 minutes to complete, and you can pause,
save, and resume at your convenience.  Federal law and university policies require all content on our public websites to
be accessible to people of all abilities.  After you complete the course, I'll give you access to WordPress and send you
a recorded  training of the Introduction to WordPress class for self-paced learning (you need this  in order to  learn
how to manage and update your website content using WordPress). When you finish the accessibility course and click
through to the last submit button, I will receive an alert that you've completed the course and provide you with access
and training. If you have any additional  questions  please let me know. Thanks Jennifer -- Jennifer Maloney Web Analyst
Support and Engagement, University Web Strategy Office of Information Technology Boise State University Hi Ben - Yay!! 
I see that you completed the required accessibility training  in order to  gain back-end access to the /cobe-management/
website in WordPress :) Here is a link to a self-paced recorded training called Introduction to WordPress so that you
can learn how to manage your content: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OaJWKeJNUcs-mSz1DswiTjy-
jThIiZNC/view?usp=drive_link Or if you would prefer to attend a live training session for Introduction to WordPress, you
can register for the next class here:  https://www.boisestate.edu/webguide/support-training/training/ You now have
Editor access to the COBE Department of Management Boise State WordPress site. You can access the site by first signing
in to  https://www.boisestate.edu/wp-admin/  with your Boise State username and password, and then navigate to your list
of available sites or browse directly to  https://www.boisestate.edu/cobe-management/  after signing in. For resources
and support to help you build and maintain your site: Review your responsibilities  as a WordPress account holder.
Review security information  to understand the limitations of data that can be collected and stored in WordPress. Check
out Webguide  for a comprehensive guide to using WordPress at Boise State, best practices, how-to documentation,
training opportunities, and web accessibility. If you have any questions or need assistance with your new site, please
contact the Help Desk at  helpdesk@boisestate.edu  or call (208) 426-4357. COBE's digital screens ( 1920x1080), posters
we can use around the building (24" x 31"), and flyers to put up around campus (8.5" x 11")? Shuttle Stop Poster  – 24 x
35 (single creative featuring all three programs) Student Union Dining Screens  – 768 x 1366 jpg Albertsons Library
Screens  – 1280 x 720 jpg Student Media Ad Banner  – 728 x 90 px Yes, we can include them in our newsletters. Are you
aiming for the student events newsletter, or Bronco Business News as well? We likely won't include +Business, since it's
for non-COBE majors and the newsletter just goes to COBE students, but we're doing some major advertising efforts for
just that program as it is (let me know if you'd like to chat about what we're doing for that). As for RHM and non-
profit management, I usually try to send a student events email early each month and sometimes we'll send a second
around the middle/end of the month if there's a lot going on. The newsletters aren't really  thematic,  they just focus
on upcoming events--but you may have seen the featured classes in the one that went out today--those are added since
those instructors had asked us to help promote their classes and registration is coming up.  So  it could be good to
have the certificates in the next one we send, whether that's later in October or early in November. We can also include
them in other future  newsletters, but  probably don't want to put them in  every one  since people will start to just
tune them out. (and if we can change the messaging a bit each time, that would be good too). We could feature the
certificates every few months and then certainly if there are other events like the job fair and career panel Ben sent
the email  about , we can include those as they happen (I'm not sure if we will send another email before 10/23, but if
we do, I'll be sure to include that). For those, I would just need a photo that works in a square-ish shape, a short
paragraph that will grab students' attention (this can mention some of the certificate's value props), and then a link
that you want the button to lead to. If you could get that to me by the end of next week (10/17), that would be great!
I'm not sure if you've done this yet, but I'd recommend posting this on the University's  Localist calendar  as well.
That way it will show up in COBE's events and event calendars across the university. LOCALIST OUTLINE: Hi Kate,  I hope
you’re doing well!  I’m sending over all the materials for the upcoming  Hospitality Career Panel + Career Fair on
Thursday, October 23 . This event is the priority for scheduling and promotion. Since we  weren’t able to  access
Localist, I’m including all the information you’ll need to get it posted.  Event Details: Title:  Hospitality Career
Panel & Career Fair Date:  Thursday, October 23, 2025 Time/Location:  4-6pm in Jackson Commons Description:  Join
industry leaders for a fast-paced panel and on-site career fair. Confirmed organizations include Grove Hotel, Idaho
Central Arena, Residence Inn by Marriott, Inn at 500, Chartwells, Downtown Boise Association, Renegade Hotel, and more.
Panel seating is  limited—RSVP   required . Registration Link:   Handshake Event Flyer Attached Certificate Materials
for Newsletter & Social (RHM & Nonprofit): Resort & Hospitality Management Certificate: Creative Attached Blurb:   Step
into the fast-paced world of hospitality with Boise State’s  Resort & Hospitality Management Certificate . This seven-
course, fully online program equips you with management, operations, and financial skills tailored to hotels, resorts,
event venues, and tourism. You’ll gain practical, industry-relevant experience and earn a credential that employers
recognize nationwide. Whether you’re already working in hospitality or looking to pivot into the field, this certificate
helps you stand out. It can also be seamlessly stacked into your degree plan, giving you the flexibility to advance your
education and career at the same time. Nonprofit Management Certificate: Creative Attached Blurb:   Fuel change with
Boise State’s  Nonprofit Management Certificate , a 12-credit interdisciplinary program open to students across all
majors. You’ll learn governance, fundraising, budgeting, and program evaluation; all essential tools for leading
mission-driven organizations. This certificate prepares you to contribute to causes you care about while building
transferable skills in leadership, communication, and financial management. Whether you plan to work in nonprofits,
government, or social enterprise, you’ll graduate ready to make an impact. The program fits easily into your degree
plan, making it an accessible way to add purpose-driven credentials to your Boise State experience. I’ve included 
Ashley and Reine  on this thread so they can stay in the loop on these materials. Please let me know if you need
anything else from me for scheduling or social promotion. Thank you so much for coordinating this! Best regards,
-Daniela Toledo CANVAS ANNOUNCEMENT OUTLINES ​ Ashley Walter <ashleywalter@boisestate.edu>; ​ +2 others ​​ Dear
Colleagues, I’m reaching out to ask for your help in sharing two student opportunities within your Canvas courses. Both
are designed to encourage professional development, creativity, and engagement with our COBE programs. 1. Boise State
Pitch Competition Students can learn about the upcoming Pitch Competition, including pre-application workshops and event
details, here: Pitch Competition Announcement 2. Certificate Programs in the Department of Management These certificates
help students strengthen career-relevant skills and enhance their degree experience. Certificate Programs Announcement
If you’re able, please post these announcements to your Canvas course pages or mention them briefly in class. Your
support helps increase visibility for these valuable opportunities. Thank you for helping us spread the word to students
across COBE. Best regards, ust for visibility, here's where everything else is at: Event posted on Localist (the
University events calendar):  https://events.boisestate.edu/event/bronco-entrepreneur-challenge Story posted on Boise
State News:  https://www.boisestate.edu/news/2025/09/25/get-that-pitch-ready-bronco-entrepreneur-challenge-launches/
Website live:  https://www.boisestate.edu/cobe-management/bronco-entrepreneur-challenge/  with updated contact email
address at the bottom Ben working with central marketing to create visuals and collateral. Once we have these assets
ready, I will share with communicators in other colleges across campus and ask them to share through their channels. We
can work with Joe, our multimedia guy, to record some video for social media. It would be great if this featured a
student--any suggestions? Thanks! Unfortunately  there's no way for us to send to faculty groups outside of COBE--we
have a faculty list here as you know, but we don't have access to that for other colleges. I believe if you're part of
the COBE list you can  send to  it, but I can send the message if you'd like it to come from me.  Once everything is
complete, I'll also share it with communicators from each college across campus and ask them to share with their
colleges. However, I know it can be  pretty tough  to get faculty to talk about things during classes. For the faculty
in other colleges piece, I'd recommend reaching out to contacts you have in other departments individually and  see  if
they can help share with their colleagues. I asked Holly, the comms person over in the Venture  College  what they have
done in the  past  and it sounds like their strategies have been mostly focused on students for those reasons, so we're
on the right track.  We have a  couple  digital options for signage in The Space on the day of the competition. Would
you be able to help us adapt some of the content you've created? They have a  short-throw projector, to put against a
wall. They provided this guidance:   please  follow these specs  and  creative suggestions: Image Size : 1920 × 1080
pixels File Type : JPEG or PNG (use PNG if you’d like a transparent background) Design Tip : Create a distinct shape
with a transparent or white background rather than a standard rectangular slide. This approach feels more intentional
and engaging for your audience. Purpose : Think beyond slides—use this as a branding, marketing, or promotion moment
rather than another slide. Readability:  Avoid overly busy or distracting designs. Use high contrast for clarity—dark
backgrounds tend not to read as cleanly. The entryway screen in The SPACE is a great place to display college,
department, and sponsor/collaborator logos. We use a template for this  wayfinding   screen  and it will already include
the event name, date, and room. Please feel free to send over any logos you'd like to add to the templated design. 
The short-throw projector on stage in the Incubator (main room for this event) is a great way to elevate the event and
create branded photo opportunities. Some groups choose to use a Boise State logo or highlight the event title or
branding. DEPARTMENT BUDGETING Example Ben has put together this  2025 RHM Marketing Proposal . In the plan you can see
what channel and the amount of budget we are asking for per semester.  Here  a quick  overview:  Spring - $1,530 Summer
-  $ 280 Fall - $560.00 Total Advertising Budget: $2,370 You can see the advertising  detail  in the "notes" column.  We
wanted to see if this would be approved by the grant for Advertising money. If you need more  detail  about the specific
channel, let us know! This is a  pretty comprehensive   plan  and we are really excited about  it, and  think it will
help us drive enrollments.  Thank you!    was  great to meet you both and I am excited to have your support! Sorry in
advance for the bombardment of information and links! Here are the main links to the Resources I wanted to share with
you both! Resort and Hospitality Shared Team Drive Planning:  Resort and Hospitality Management Social Media Planning
and Content Calendar RHM Goals   Campaigns: C lassroom visits RHM Spring 2025 Marketing Overview Content:  Social Media
Footage Websites: RHM Website  |  Interest Form Landing Page (where the QR Code Goes) Non-Profit Management + Business
(Certificate in Business Creation) Some things I think would be interesting to think through:  - How to turn the BBA
Linkedin Page into a more engaging platform for the current and past online students (sense of community? resources?
sharing of success?) - How to leverage what COBE Marketing is doing into our marketing efforts, how can we make the "
echo " chamber bigger?  - What would a unified marketing strategy or approach look like for the certificate programs in
the Dept of Management? Does each one stay siloed, do we do  siloed  marketing and then joint marketing?  - Do an audit
of the things we have been doing in RHM, what do you like, what can we improve, what can we try? I'd love your feedback!
While I operate in a very structured way, and love to set goals and track everything - I am very open to changing,
reinventing, creating and bringing in your personal expertise into the work. My goal is that you leave this "job" as  a
meaningful  work experience and have things to talk about in your job interviews.  See you Thrusday!  Ashley  Hi
Ladies,  Thank you for the updates!  @ Reine  - I would rather us get our messaging and pitch finalized before reaching
out to the classrooms. I think we can do this quickly, so if you want to reach out to the professors to schedule drop
ins for the week after Sept 22, that will get  us moving  to dial in the pitch etc. I love where your head is at!  I
will go ahead and review the audit, thank you for that!  Additional Updates! Ben Howerton is back with RHM this
semester!  I just realized that we still have Ben supporting  the RHM  marketing this semester! Ben is a great source of
knowledge and ran  all of  the RHM marketing last year. Although there are slightly different scopes, I would like Ben
to lead the  Marketing Overview  (we will still divide the different initiatives like Classroom visits, Tabling, etc)
but Ben will "own" the larger overview of the Marketing Overview for the semester and we will all work together to
execute.  Ben will join us on Thursday, and I have added him to the email as  well!.   I will go over more of this on
Thrusday! On Mon, Sep 8, 2025 at 11:24 AM Reine Bissember < reinebissember@boisestate.edu > wrote: Happy Monday, Ashley!
Thank you for the guidance and helpful resources.  I have started  research  and mapping out goals. I am mostly drawn
toward revamping the online BBA LinkedIn page and keeping it active, as well as raising physical awareness about the RHM
program. I added a tab on the "FA'25 MGMT GAs" Google sheet, outlining the required lower division classes to get into
COBE. Hopefully, it is self-explanatory, but I can go over it on Thursday with you and  Daniela  so we are on the same
page! My next steps (pending Thursday's meeting) will be to get approval from you to start emailing professors for
permission to come share a quick pitch in their classes. I would love access to any pitch decks already created, or
feedback on my notes (shared with you) to begin creating them myself.  Vision for these classroom visits: 5-minute
impactful pitch to get students to understand the value of the certificate being marketed. I would also like to print
out flyers to pass out after my little speech. Hopefully, this will turn into more inquiries on the website and more
info sign-ups! I am excited to go over my ideas on Thursday at noon!  Best,  Reine Bissember On Thu, Sep 4, 2025 at
3:03 PM Ashley Walter < ashleywalter@boisestate.edu > wrote: Hi Ladies,  Thank you for your time today.  To make things
easier to find, I am going to use this thread.  I spoke to Karen to understand what her main priorities are.... her
response: "Be Visible" It is vague, but anything we can do to get our 3 Certificate programs out there and more visible
across campus and to the community, is the goal.  Therefore  I have outlined 3 goals we are going to focus on: 
 Marketing for the  three certificate  program in the Dep't of Management (+Business, RHM, Non-Profit) COBE "Echo"
Chamber: collaborating with COBE Marketing to echo our department efforts to the college (COBE) community Management of
the Online BBA LinkedIn Community I would like #1 to be a goal for both of you and then  divided up # 2 and #3 between
the two.  I have created this shared document:  FA'25 MGMT GAs The  overview tab outlines  the three goals,  The 
Marketing overview  tab outlines the things I have written out on the whiteboard and what we have done in the past, the
goal will be for each of you to lead on an area (although we will be supporting each other on it all) Sample Goals:  is
the template that we used last year to set the goals Daniela's Goals :  where you will eventually outline your goals
Reine's Goals : where you will eventually outline your goals ACTION ITEMS:  - Please take a look at the  Marketing
Overview  and  put your name next to the areas you would like to lead on (under the "Assigned" column - Think about if
you would rather lead the COBE Echo Chamber Goal or the OBBA LinkedIn Community and  put your name next to your
preference under the  Assigned column - It's okay if both of your names are listed somewhere, we can discuss that in the
next meeting.  - Do some research about what other programs in colleges are doing or similar institutes - but also think
about what the undergraduates are thinking/feeling (probably overwhelmed!) - Let me know areas/skills of interest you
are looking to  grow,  I will do my best to find ways to develop that through this work.  - Conduct an audit of the RHM
socials, and what you can find, walk through the process of how a curious student would come across our page, info etc. 
We can collaborate via the sheets (use the comment function  and "@ " me) and I can respond. I think we can move through
some of this stuff remotely prior to our meeting on Thrusday. If you would like to meet with me individually, feel free
to just schedule time with me by sending me a calendar invite!  Let me  know,.   if  you have questions! Ashley  On Thu,
Sep 4, 2025 at 8:23 AM Reine Bissember < reinebissember@boisestate.edu > wrote: Hi Ashley,  Thank you so much for the
warm welcome and for taking the time to share  all of  these incredibly helpful resources! I'm excited to dig in and
start exploring everything you've provided. I took some time to review the links, and I look forward to meeting with you
later today! Best,  Reine Bissember On Thu, Aug 28, 2025 at 3:11 PM Ashley Walter < ashleywalter@boisestate.edu > wrote:
Hello Ladies,  It was great to meet you both and I am excited to have your support! Sorry in advance for the
bombardment of information and links! Here are the main links to the Resources I wanted to share with you both! Resort
and Hospitality Shared Team Drive Planning:  Resort and Hospitality Management Social Media Planning and Content
Calendar RHM Goals   Campaigns: C lassroom visits RHM Spring 2025 Marketing Overview Content:  Social Media Footage
Websites: RHM Website  |  Interest Form Landing Page (where the QR Code Goes) Non-Profit Management + Business
(Certificate in Business Creation) Some things I think would be interesting to think through:  - How to turn the BBA
Linkedin Page into a more engaging platform for the current and past online students (sense of community? resources?
sharing of success?) - How to leverage what COBE Marketing is doing into our marketing efforts, how can we make the "
echo " chamber bigger?  - What would a unified marketing strategy or approach look like for the certificate programs in
the Dept of Management? Does each one stay siloed, do we do  siloed  marketing and then joint marketing?  - Do an audit
of the things we have been doing in RHM, what do you like, what can we improve, what can we try? I'd love your feedback!
While I operate in a very structured way, and love to set goals and track everything - I am very open to changing,
reinventing, creating and bringing in your personal expertise into the work. My goal is that you leave this "job" as  a
meaningful  work experience and have things to talk about in your job interviews.  See you Thrusday!  Ashley  -- ASHLEY
WALTER Industry Outreach and Internships Resort and Hospitality Management Program   Boise State University P:
208-918-0885 E:   ashleywalter@boisestate.edu Meeting:  Schedule a Meeting with Ashley Web:   boi.st/RHM Make a gift  to
Boise State today!