Promotion Resources We try our best to get your promotions up in a timely manner, to give us enough lead time, please
plan to send any information and requests at a  minimum of 2 weeks ahead of time.  For all requests listed below, please
email:                                               cobe-info@boisestate.edu  and include "STUDENT ORG REQUEST" in the
subject line.  COBE Website For all website updates, send requests to  cobe-info@boisestate.edu  with the subject line,
"STUDENT ORG REQUEST." Be very clear and include  all of  the information that needs to be changed on your organization
webpage.  To update your student organization listing on the  COBE Student Organization  page, send what information
needs to be changed.  If your event is open to all students, we can put it on the events page on the COBE website. Send
all of  the event information at least 2 weeks in advance. Digital Display Ads (Touchscreens throughout the MBEB) For
digital displays, send requests to  cobe-info@boisestate.edu  with the subject line, "STUDENT ORG REQUEST." Submit a JPG
or PNG file 1920  px  wide X 1080  px  high, 72 ppi. There is a Boise State logo on the screen already, so you do not
need to have a Boise State logo in your image. Ads rotate every 15 seconds.  Keep text to a minimum.  If you have a lot
of white at the edges of your ad, please outline the ad. Images look better with defined edges.  Name your file with
what the ad is about, the start date and end date. Also, include the start and end date in the body of the email when
you send the file. If you want your digital display ad up for 2 weeks prior to your event, please email the graphic 4
weeks prior to the event date. If you want  it  up 1 week prior to your event, email the graphic 3 weeks prior to the
event date.   Ads should follow  Boise State brand standards. COBE News For all COBE news stories, send requests to 
cobe-info@boisestate.edu  with the subject line, "STUDENT ORG REQUEST." Share your news, accomplishments and
announcements with us. It may be featured in the COBE news on our website.  Printing Posters  For all poster printing
needs, send requests at least 2 weeks in advance to  cobe-info@boisestate.edu  with the subject line, "STUDENT ORG
REQUEST." Make  poster  in InDesign or another graphic design software. Make the paper size in your file 24 x 31 (this
is the size of our  plasti -core boards) - the printer does not print to the edge of the paper; there will be white on
all sides.  When sending the poster file, please include via email, the timeline for printing the poster and your
organization funding string (FDCC).  Organizations may borrow poster boards and easels from the Dean's Office and must
be returned. COST:  Uncoated 24 x 31 $8 (student pricing discount) Semi-gloss 24 x 31 $12 Social Media Posts on COBE
Accounts For all social media posts, send requests at least 2 weeks in advance to  cobe-info@boisestate.edu  with the
subject line, "STUDENT ORG REQUEST." Send appropriate  graphic  that  is  within Boise State brand guidelines, caption
details and if your organization has a social media account to tag in the post. Please indicate whether your social
media post is best suited for LinkedIn, Instagram or Facebook.  Email Communication For all email communication needs,
send requests ASAP to  cobe-info@boisestate.edu  with the subject line, "STUDENT ORG REQUEST." COBE student
organizations may request their events be included in a COBE upcoming events emailing. There is no set schedule for
event  emailings . We cannot guarantee that your event promotion schedule will coincide with an event emailing. Your
best chance of getting your event included in one of the  COBE upcoming  event  emailings  is to request inclusion
ASAP.  Send the following to the  cobe -info email: An email address for requests for more information Event description
(entice people to come), date, time, place, registration link if required and photo Emails cannot be sent with
attachments Flyers You may hang flyers on the bullet boards throughout the MBEB; you are not allowed to tape or hang
flyers on the walls, windows, doors, etc. throughout the building. It is your responsibility to take down the flyers
that you put up after your event.  Campus Digital Screens Library Digital Screens  - 1280 x 720  px , File type: jpg. To
submit, contact  Luan Teed Rec Center Digital Screens  - 1920 x 1080  px , File type: jpg. To submit, contact  Jared Cox
On-Campus Housing Digital Displays  - 1920 x 1080  px , organizations can submit  one page  PPT or PDF files (landscape
preferred) to be uploaded to the digital displays located behind the six service desks across the Boise State
residential community. To submit a request, fill out a  marketing submission form   SUB (Student Union Building)
Promotions Submit all promo requests and materials here.  For questions, email  subpromos@boisestate.edu .  Toilet Talk
 - Promotions in over 150 stalls in the bathrooms of the SUB. Submit materials by the last Thursday of the month to
secure a spot for the following month. Promos  switch  out every month. Requirements: must be a 1000 x 1000  px  jpg
file.  Social Media  - Content can be submitted and shared on the SUB Facebook and Instagram pages. You may regularly
submit graphics, milestones, organization events/updates, etc. Note: Not all requests will be posted, depending on the
schedule and other approved content.  Digital Displays  - 4 digital screens in the SUB first floor dining - size 768 x
1366  px  jpg and 2 60" screens behind the Info Desk, 6 24" kiosk on SUB 1st floor and 2nd floor - size 1920 x 1080  px
jpg. For all digital signage: submit requests 1 1/2 weeks before desired promo start date. Other Campus Promotions To
promote your organization or event in other buildings on campus, contact the specific building/department for permission
and specific directions on what is allowed in their building. Each building varies on best practices and processes for
event and organization promotion.  This is a  flyering  route we utilize.   Promoting your Event Check out COBE Dean's
Office resources for  promoting your organization/event . Room Reservations To reserve first floor classrooms in the
MBEB, contact the registrar's office to schedule.  For all other rooms in the MBEB, contact Gail Puccetti in room 1213B,
email her at  gailpuccetti@boisestate.edu  or call her at (208) 426-3159.  COBE Career Services Involvement Student
organizations can collaborate with COBE Career Services to host employer information sessions, workshops, and events.  
Email Career Services.   Need tongs, bowls, etc. for serving food at your event? Contact the Dean's Office GA at  cobe-
info@boisestate.edu , subject "STUDENT ORG REQUEST" to schedule a time to come to the Dean's Office and check out
what is available for use.  Want to invite the dean to your event? Please extend invitations to the dean three weeks
before the event date by contacting the Dean's Office at  cobe-info@boisestate.edu , subject "STUDENT ORG REQUEST." Make
sure all event details are included in the email. 