We had spoken about this in our 1:1 on Tuesday, but I wanted to reiterate that the focus of the playbook, to ensure we
are all aligned Marketing Initiative Overview This is a high-impact initiative that will not only boost the visibility
of our  RHM, NP, and +Business  programs but will also set a standard for other programs across the entire College of
Business and Economics (COBE). The primary goal is twofold: Main Objective (Immediate Action):  To  collaborate directly
with the COBE Marketing team  to successfully market our RHM, NP, and +Business programs. This is the  action phase: 
you must actively market our programs to create the playbook. Output Objective (Final Deliverable):  To document this
experience into a  best practices playbook  that details the most effective and seamless ways for our programs to market
themselves using COBE's existing resources and channels. Currently, programs often manage their marketing independently
or not at all, and is just an inefficient use of college resources. The COBE Marketing team controls many channels, but
departments frequently: Are unaware  of all the marketing channels COBE manages (social media, newsletters, websites,
etc.). Don't have dedicated marketing staff  and need a clear, repeatable process. The playbook will ultimately solve
this (or be a starting point) by providing a streamlined roadmap for departments/programs to maximize their marketing
efforts by partnering with COBE Marketing. Playbook  Deliverable The Playbook's Voice (POV):  It should be written from
the perspective of a  Program Manager  or  Department Lead  who wants to utilize COBE's resources, think about how you
would like to receive the information if you were in a department with limited marketing resources.   Key Content:  
What are the  channels  COBE Marketing manages that we can utilize? What are the  requirements  (e.g., image sizes, copy
length, lead time) for submitting content? What are the necessary  deliverables  (e.g., photos, quotes, data) we need to
provide to COBE? Final Playbook Deliverable:  The Playbook will ideally be a  best practice guide backed by proof of
concept,  showcasing how we  successfully collaborated  with COBE Marketing to market our RHM, NP, and +Business
programs. Format:  Start small! Initially, focus on building the content in a simple format like a  slide deck or a
basic document . We can refine, expand, and scale this to a website or official document later.